Moses’ parents taught him
when he was a child.
He learned to love Jehovah
and how to make Him smile.
So when my parents teach me,
I’ll listen when they speak.
I’ll listen just like Moses—
’cause I want to be meek.
He let Jehovah train him
while he was herding sheep.
He learned how to be patient
and how to be meek.
So I’ll obey Jehovah
and listen when he speaks.
I’ll listen just like Moses—
’cause I want to be meek.
He was the chosen leader
of the Israelites.
But he would also listen
when others gave advice.
So I’ll let my friends help me
and listen when they speak.
I’ll listen just like Moses—
’cause I want to be meek.
So I’ll obey Jehovah
and listen when he speaks.
I’ll listen just like Moses—
’cause I want to be meek.